
In my career of 15 years, I've consistently heard I do 3 things well: listen deeply to others, give voice to the moment, and solve problems. Culture-building and listening deeply to all stakeholders was essential to my identity as founder. Giving voice to a moment is a skill I learned in my time studying the humanities at college. Solving technical and business problems is something I turly learned to love at YC.

In my time building 3 successful business enterprises and through my closeness to the YC startup ecosystem in the last 5 years, 3 things became obvious to me about Stripe. First, it is obvious how essential payments data is to understanding a business, its users, and its potential. Next, is Stripe's pride in craft. Truly none of the software services I have interacted with in my time as a builder, consultant, and investor have the precision, completeness, and simplicity of Stripe. Lastly, and perhaps most importantly, it's obvious to me just how much startups are underutilizing the potential of Stripe's suite of products.

While I have loved founding business, I feel called to mold my natural strengths into a craft, and to do so with a best-in-class-team. My dear friend and Stripe, Habib Rizkillah, encouraged me to apply to a T2 role in December of last year. Though I did not receive the role at the time, my respect for Cassius, Nicole, and the wider team and process only grew. Whereas the prior role involved fewer relationships with more mature business, I see selling to founders as a founder is a sweet spot. It is how I have been able to invest along many top-tier VCs as an angel and GP. 

The Collisions entered my world when my YC technical cofounder, then friend, was in their 2009 YC class. He spoke of their thoughtfulness and work ethic. Today, I regularly listen to Cheeky Pint, track Stripe and its projects. Watching the long arc of Stripe, the love, curiosity, and commitment at its core, and seeing so many friends I respect join Stripe and speak highly of it's culture has made me confident that not only is Stripe a place I can hone the craft of selling -- and selling to a group I identify with and love -- but also that I might find a home for years to come.