# Company
Dane and I are lucky to have known one another 18 years. Dane officiated my Burning Man wedding. Before we ever conceived of building a business together, we lived a lot of life together, joining one another in attempting outrageous goals and on many adventures. I dare say that our relationship is our greatest asset in business. We compliment one another, balance one another out, push one another to dream bigger and work harder, and simply love solving puzzles and building together. Our wins are shared, and so are our losses. I've started and ran a company solo before. It was brutal. I've also seen partnerships that have seemed unbalanced or had other difficult dynamics. It's hard for me to imagine excelling in such conditions. I think the relationships at the core of the company can be overlooked. We work hard at maintaining the health and sanity that we have. We have Founder Dates, just like I have Partner Dates with my wife. We continue to invest in our relationship. The resulting collective strength seems to be the source of everything we have built to date.

I would want telepathy. Specifically, to know in realtime what all of my users were thinking and feeling and synthesize this into a clear and precise story about what to do next.

Being a founder is wild, because my identity is so closely tied to this endeavor with Dane. All of my closest friends and family are invested financially or emotionally in the outcome of Spoken. In the meantime, what we are doing is fundamentally uncertain and ambiguous. Success with Spoken -- millions more users becoming accustom to using Spoken in a regular and committed way -- would instill in me a pride I can only dream of. It would be everything.