
Baby,

Our relationship is one of the greatest works of my life and nearly all good things in my life are because of or enabled by it. It simultaneously can feel like work and also can feel effortless. 

I am in awe of you. Your wisdom, your love, your courage, your fun, your stamina. You surprise me in big and little ways almost every day. 

Thank you for your stability in the face of my manias and sub conscious stirrings in a time of transition, for being game for life adventures with me, for expanding my mind even 13 years on, for setting aside your lovely attention for me in the midst of the happy chaos of our family. 

Perhaps the World ends here could be said of our table. But also our bed. Dates. And also of our love. 


Enso,

You have already brought so much joy and love into our family. 

Your love, joy, curiosity. 

Naya

I love you. 

This year I’ve seen you work on and get better at so many things. You sing confidently in your concerts. You often sleep all the way through the night. You can cook mushrooms from start to finish. You can put air in our car tires. You run so fast outside and breathe so you can run farther. You even ride a bike. 

This year, you also became a big sister. I know it was a big transition for our family and for you. You have grown so much. I remember when we were kissing Mama’s belly. And now you can climb into bed to help Enso feel better when he is sad. He loves you so much. And I know you love him so much. Seeing you love one another and help one another makes me so happy. 

 Not only are you learning to do new things and how to be a big sister, you are also learning how to be a more you. More Naya. You are like Elsa in Show Yourself when she follows a call into the unknown and when she arrives where she was meant to be, she finds herself. You are kind, courageous, creative, so smart. You love your friends and they love you. You love your family and we love you. 
 
 We also are working on things together. I really appreciate that we can do this. It is very important to me to work on our relationship so that it works for both of us. I know we can figure anything out. 

I have so much fun playing and being silly with you. Samantha?! I love doing races outside and around our house, playing hide and seek with you, making magnetile castles, snuggling in the cozy hole. 


Mom,

It is fun to see you in your grandmother era. You love our children so much. M

You continue to find greater ease and joy in just being yourself. 

Showing up not just for your grandchildren but for yourself. 

